[Identity] Documentation updates (#32691)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/identity/azure-identity/README.md

The Azure Identity library offers both in-memory and persistent disk caching. For more details, see the [token caching documentation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/main/sdk/identity/azure-identity/TOKEN_CACHING.md).

## Brokered authentication

> An authentication broker is an application that runs on a user’s machine that manages the authentication handshakes and token maintenance for connected accounts. Currently, only the Windows authentication broker, Web Account Manager (WAM), is supported through an extension package, [`azure-identity-broker`][azure_identity_broker]. For details on authenticating using WAM, see the [broker plugin documentation][azure_identity_broker_readme].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An authentication broker is an application that runs on a user’s machine that manages the authentication handshakes and token maintenance for connected accounts. Currenly only the Windows Web Account Manager (WAM) is supported. To enable support include the [`azure-identity-broker`][azure_identity_broker] package. For details on authenticating using WAM, see the [broker plugin documentation][azure_identity_broker_readme].
```
